Who is in charge here?
I'm in charge, wait a minute.
Isn't that Liu Da from National TV?
He is now the most popular in the country
At least a hot reporter
What did you tell him?
I have my ways.
In his previous life, he and Liu Xing were the best help
It's him now
I am in a hurry to find material for the Spring Festival documentary
Just right
You can use this Spring Festival gift box sale as a material.
Ask him to help with advertising by the way
Hello reporter Liu
Welcome to our sales site
This is what you said.
Topics that are in line with the current Chinese New Year hotspots
It's really suitable for this hot scene
This gift box
Give it to me first, or the reporter can go back and taste the heart.
Give me a box like this.
Do you want me to help you promote and advertise?
Nothing can escape Liu's inheritance
Advertisements I can make for you for free
It is also paid for the advertising fee of the TV station
Don't worry, the advertising fee and the production fee.
I will not mistreat Liu's inheritance for a penny
By the way, I have a few more advertising words here.
Why make up
Please make it then.
The Golden Age of Television
No gifts for Chinese New Year this year
Is this word going to be sung?
Yeah, you gotta sing like that
No gifts for Chinese New Year this year, no gifts, no gifts
Receive gifts, only receive cool gift boxes.
If you receive the gift box, you will receive the gift box.
Are you sure you want to air such a funny ad?
Of course it's funny enough to spread, right?
When someone comes to check the pile, please.
A reporter has to come and interview it. Okay?
Then I'll go back and arrange it.
Then it's hard for reporter Liu
What about the car, is it?
Must be.
Who is that girl?
Chatting and laughing with him
You won't have any money.
Do something sorry for Xiaoyan
What about men?
Money becomes bad
What are you thinking?
That reporter Liu Da was hired by me to advertise for us
Advertise
We have all the gift boxes now.
It's selling so well.
What else do you need to advertise?
You don't understand
It's not a hot scene at all
One start at most
This is just the beginning.